Normally, your WordPress hosting company serves your website from a single location. All your website visitors access the same server.

If you have a high traffic website, then all those user requests will slow down your website. During peak traffic hours, it can even crash the server which will make 
your site temporarily unavailable.

A study conducted by Strangeloop discovered, that a single second delay in website speed causes 11% less page views and 7% less conversions.

This is where CDN comes in. CDN caches your server’s static resources like stylesheets, javascript, and images.

When a user requests your website, all static resources are served through CDN servers. This reduces the load on your hosting server and makes it faster and more 
efficient.

Static content is served through a network of servers located in different geographical locations around the globe. Each user request is handled by a server closest to 
the user’s location. This reduces the page load speed, and your website becomes noticeably faster for all users.

Followig are some of top WordPress CDN services:

1) Bunny.net:

Bunny.net is the best WordPress CDN in the market. They have data centers across the world with very affordable pricing plans for small businesses and developers.

Bunny is super easy to setup in WordPress. They have a their own WordPress plugin, or you can use it with other popular WordPress caching plugins such as WP Rocket and
W3 Total cache.

You can manage your CDN usage with a beginner friendly control panel. It allows you to purge cache, view reports, setup locations, and more. Bunny CDN also allows you 
to add SSL certificate or use a shared SSL certificate to make sure that your cached content is served through SSL/HTTPS.

2) Sucuri:

Sucuri is a popular website security company. They offer a powerful WordPress firewall and CDN, which protects your website against DDOS attacks, malware, and other 
WordPress security threats.

Their website application firewall scans all user requests to your website before it reaches your hosting server. This blocks many spam, malware, and DDOS attacks.

On top of that, their anycast network is spread across the globe so your users are never far away from the fastest servers. Their firewall has double benefits: speed
and security.
